# Codes-for-literature-reivew
This repository is for the paper named "How does artificial intelligence facilitate companies' circular economy transition? - A machine learning based thematic review"
Abstract
While the transition to a circular economy has been imperative, current literature finds that companies which are supposed to be the centre of this transition lack the motivation and capacity to engage in it. To this end, our research introduces a novel method to explore how artificial intelligence can facilitate companies' circular economy transition. It is one of the few that uses the machine learning algorithm to optimise the manual classification outcomes in the thematic review. Upon a review of 601 publications, our research finds that although the literature still centralises on the topics of artificial intelligence in assistance with circular supply chain design and optimisation, there is an increasing proportion of studies turning their focuses to value creation, like production or business model innovations. Moreover, our research is different from typical studies of artificial intelligence and the circular economy that take the product lifecycle as the unit of analysis. It views the company-level transition as a process to form mature circular economy operations. In doing these, our research contributes to the relevant discussions by bringing out a new maturity framework to tell how AI can help companies improve their circular economy maturity from infrastructure, information sharing and knowledge dimensions.
